Update changelog for 1.5.0.4 version (#2134)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/changelog.md

layout: changelog
---

## 1.5.0.4
**Release Date** 2020/06/26

### Fixes

#### Kong Gateway 
* Upgraded Postgres driver to support selecting the TLS version when connecting to Postgres.

#### Kong Manager

> * Expose Routes `path_handling` attribute from the Admin API in Kong Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Exposed Routes `path_handling` attribute from the Admin API in Kong Manager.
```

#### Plugins
* OpenID Connect
  * Fixed Consumers to call the correct function when setting an anonymous Consumer (introduced with 1.5.0).
  * Fixed unauthorized responses giving 403 instead of 401 as a status code (introduced with 1.5.0).
  
* Collector

>   * Fixed issue when Kong returns 404 and causes logs to fill with messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed issue that occurred when Kong returned a 404 and caused logs to fill with messages.
```
